Students: I have
so much homework!
Do we have band
practice today?
Tori: Yuma, c'mon... Wake up!
There was a unicorn in the...
hey!
Ow!
What is your problem?
Class is over.
Just thought you should know.
Oh.
So it is.
You're hopeless.
All right,
time to find someone to duel!
I assume you were
out cold while Mr. Kay
was making the announcement
about tomorrow's class.
Tomorrow's saturday?
Where have you been, yuma?
Tomorrow is school spirit day.
Bronk: Hey Tori, which one of
your parents are you draggin'
here tomorrow, cause
I was thinkin'...
Sorry about that, yuma.
Don't worry about it,
I mean... whatever...
No need to be
awkward around me.
I wish I could just skip
out on school spirit day.
Al: Spirit day sounds like
it involves phantoms and ghosts.
It's when our parents come to
class and watch Our teachers
teach and see how
we're doing and stuff.
But your parents are
not around right now.
Yeah, but it can be any
member of the family.
I'll get grandma
or Kari to go.
I'm home, people.
Uuhhhh... Hello?
Grandma... you in here?
Grandma: I didn't
hear you come in.
Yeah, figured.
So, what do you think
of this kimono yuma?
My fifty-Seventh high
school Reunion is tomorrow.
I was thinking of
wearing this old thing.
Wait, it's tomorrow?
I wonder how old Henry
miyazaki is doing?
He was my first
boyfriend you know,
such a little
sweetie, he he he.
Hey, Kari.
Kari: You're not getting
your allowance in advance,
so don't ask.
I wasn't gonna!
Then what do you want?
Case Ya' can't tell,
I'm kinda busy here.
[phone ringing]
what's up, you!
Really?
Whoa, go back a sec, apple's
wedding is this saturday,
why did I think it was...
well yeah, I'm totally going, I
wouldn't miss that for anything,
I mean, have you seen the...
uhhh... yuma?
Mom, dad, I miss you guys...
I wish you were here...
I hope you're safe, wherever
you are... Goodnight.
♪ If life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothin' ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ my dreams won't die
if I high-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings take
off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I
leave all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance and
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance, I'll
take a chance in today ♪
Friend a: Tori!
Hey!
Friend B: What's up?
So are both of your
parents coming to
school spirit day today?
My dad had to work.
I really hope my dad
doesn't embarrass me.
Whenever he meets my friends, he
talks in This goofy duck voice
that he thinks is
hysterical or something.
And it's really not!
I heard we're doing p.E. Today.
The vaulting boxes.
Yeah, we are.
I wonder how many boxes Yuma
will go for this time!
I wonder how hard
he'll wipe out.
Uuuunh late again, late again!
Ow!
Try watching we're
you're going, dweeb.
Why are you wearing
a guy's neck tie?
You don't know anything
about fashion, do you?
Well I do!
And I think you look good
enough to be in one
of those fashion magazines.
So do you!
That kimono is amazing!
You think so?
I haven't worn this thing
since I was a young ballerina.
Hey, wait a sec.
Shoudn't you be
upstairs sleeping still?
Eeh...
I'm going to school.
On a saturday?
Don't tell me
you got detention.
I'm not in trouble!
Gotta go!
Yuma!
Yuma, why did you decide to not
tell your family about
school spirit day?
I dunno, what would
be the point?
They had things to do.
I really didn't feel
like bothering them.
Are they not supposed to go?
Nah!
It's really no big deal.
They went last year.
All right, I can still
make it in time!
I am feelin' the...
oh, no!
No!
No, no!
What is wrong?
It's gone!
My key is gone!
What?
Where is it?
Do you really believe it
simply fell from your neck?
We are going to have to
retrace your steps exactly.
Yuma, this is very
important to me.
It's pretty important
to me too, ya know.
I didn't just find
that thing lyin' around,
my dad gave it to me.
his father gave him the key?
what could this mean?
could yuma's father
have some connection
to me and my purpose here?
this is most intriguing...
Yuma...
can you tell me
about your father?
Whaddaya wanna know?
What kind of person is he?
He's the fun
kind of person.
He hates sitting around,
he loves adventure.
In fact, this one time,
he took me along with him
on one of his expeditions.
Kazuma: What's wrong, yuma?
You didn't look
down now, did you?
Young yuma: I can't do it!
I can't go any further!
Whaddaya saying,
we're almost there!
But I'm, I'm scared...
young KARI: Aaargh!
This is totally unfair!
How come yuma got to go climbing
with dad and I didn't?
Are you saying
you don't want to
help me prune my award
winning chrysanthemums today?
Yeah, grandma.
It's just not fair!
Oh Well, it must be really
nice being the favorite.
Mira: Don't be so dramatic.
Your father just wanted to
spend some time with yuma.
I have an idea.
Why don't we go and treat
ourselves to a big fancy dinner?
Okay, now we're talking!
Oh, let's get italian!
Breadsticks!
Ooh ooh, and maybe
a movie afterwards?
Either way, let's go!
You might want to put
your shoes on first...
hey pal, I got a
question for ya.
What is it?
Everything ok?
Your mom tells me something
happened at school last week...
upper class boy A:
Haha! You lose.
Upper class boy B:
Just give up dueling.
You'll never be any good.
No way!
Cause one day, I'm gonna
be an awesome duelist.
Yeah, of course
you are... not!
I'm gonna be great!
Just wait and see!
It was nothing.
No biggie.
Uh-Huh...
But, like dad?
What, yuma?
I just don't wanna
go to school anymore.
Why not?
Because, it's
just... too hard.
Yuma, we live in
a complicated world.
What are you talking about?
Well for starters, the world
we know isn't the only world.
There are actually multiple
worlds all connected.
Let me show you.
So over here,
we have a world full of
adventure and possibility.
But then over here, we have
a world full of negativity,
people saying "No" all the time.
What's crazy is that these
worlds exist in the same place.
Huh?
Seriously?
You bet.
The people who live in This
world inhabit the same time and
space as the people who live
in This world over here.
Take those kids at
school for instance.
Sounds like they live
in the negative world.
You on the other hand, you live
in the world of possibility,
where people dare to dream.
I do!
So how can I stay
in This world forever?
That's an easy one,
little rascal!
You keep looking
to the future
and dreaming big and
setting goals for yourself!
What kind of goals?
Any kind!
You just have to
listen to your heart
and feel the flow of
everything surrounding you!
You decide who you want to be,
and then you go out and
you be that person!
Don't you have
any dreams, yuma?
Who, me?
Well Yeah, I wanna...
my dream is to one day become
a world champion duelist!
But like, when
I tell people that,
they laugh and
make fun of me.
Because those people
don't live in our world.
They don't?
They're trapped
in the other world,
the world full of
doubt and negativity.
It's nearly
impossible for people
stuck in that world to dream.
To imagine the endless
possibilities.
Those people can
only see what is.
But what they cannot
see is what could be.
They're not adventurers
like you and me.
Yuma, always
challenge yourself.
Don't be afraid to do what
others tell you you can't do.
All right!
Whaddaya say?
Are you up for a little duel?
Here?
Right now?
Sure!
It's gonna be great!
And then tomorrow,
you and I'll climb even higher!
My dad's the best.
When I told him I wanted
to be a duel champion,
he was like, "go for it!"
that's one of the reasons I
never give up, I mean, he taught
me so much that calling it quits
would be like betraying him.
We used to have
the best duels...
attack!
Zubaba KNIGHT: Zubaba!
Alright, here goes!
I overlay my level 4 gogogo
golem and ganbara Knight!
With These two monsters,
I build the overlay network!
I xyz summon... oh!
I forgot, I don't have any xyz
monsters in this deck!
You forgot?
Hey Dad?
Yeah?
What's your dream?
Oh Well, um...
mine is a simple one.
To journey!
To discover the
edge of the world!
What are you laughing at?
You wanna go to the
edge of the world?
That's just goofy, dad!
Everyone knows
the world is round!
It doesn't have any edges.
Well I guess you do
have a point there.
You would just
fall right off.
We were cracking up,
but maybe I had it all wrong.
What do you mean
"had it all wrong?"
a little while later, he
and mom were on an expedition...
they had gotten lost
in a snow storm,
separated from their team.
What was that, Mira?
The ground's shaking!
Kazuma!
I've got you!
Hang on, I can
pull you up!
Kazuma!
Mira...
kazuma,
don't do it!
You can't pull me up!
You'll fall in with me!
Don't worry Mira,
I'm gonna be fine!
Trust me, I'm in
really good hands.
No!
Kazuma, no!
It's like he experienced
something in that light and
like, he knew that
he was going to be okay.
What is this place?
That light...
is this the edge of the world?
A search team found my dad a
couple days later.
He was holding the key.
Daddy!
You okay!
Hey there yuma,
you been a good boy?
We've been so worried, dad.
You've been missing for days!
He said he traveled to
the edge of the world.
How is that possible?
I have no idea.
Did he say anything else?
Nothing that made much sense.
He was going on about lights
and different worlds.
The doctors said it was just
dehydration and exhaustion
talking. I have no idea.
yuma's father found the
key on that journey.
perhaps it unlocks a
door of some sort,
a door connecting this
world to another one.
Uh, oh yeah!
I remember when
he gave it to me.
Next I activate my
soul of fire spell card!
That pretty much does it.
Maybe take some PIANO
lessons or something.
This duel isn't over
yet, ya got that?
So then beat me,
since you're such
a great duelist.
Upper Class BOY C:
Show us your greatness!
You can't defeat him,
and you know it.
You couldn't defeat a donkey!
You're right, I can't win.
Don't give up, yuma!
Dad!
Remember What
world you're in!
What do you mean?
You live in the world where
anything is possible,
just feel the flow!
It's all around you!
Yuma, let that key always remind
you that you have the power to
unlock your potential and
be who you wanna be!
I can do this.
Thanks, dad!
I'm never gonna give up!
I am feelin' the flow!
Mom and dad went
missing after that,
and no one's heard
from them since.
Caswell: Look at Tori's mom!
FLIP: She's like an Angel.
Bronk's mother:
Why was 6 afraid of seven?
Because 7 ate 9.
Tori's mother: Hey,
how come your friend
yuma isn't here, Tori?
I dunno.
Okay uh, now I feel dumb.
So then, it has been hanging
here the whole time.
It must've fallen off in my
sleep and when I woke up late,
I didn't notice.
At least mom and dad
were watching over it.
How is your garden, Meredith?
Meredith: My chrysanthemums
are blooming wonderfully!
Oh, how nice!
And I've registered my
primrose bushes to be
judged in the
annual garden fest.
Now didn't your
lovely begonias
take home the blue
ribbon last year?
It was my gladioli, actually.
Old man: Nobody's allowed
to call me "Gramps",
"My whipper snapper,
not even my grandkids!"
maybe a duel would
put you in your place!
You should really
come over some time.
I recently acquired
This lovely New tea set.
Waiter: Sorry!
Do you hear something?
Perhaps there's
a parade outside.
Speaking of which, are you
going to the may parade?
Let's duel!
Bring it!
Of course!
I never miss the may parade!
The kids' floats last year
were quite precious!
I helped build one of them!
Together: Where has our
waiter wandered off to?
Brianna: Look at you, Kari!
You look great!
Well, I never get the chance
to dress up so, you know.
My idea of dressing up is to
throw on one of bronk's hats!
Sounds like you're busy.
Yeah, well that's the life
of a freelance journalist.
So I guess your grandma went
to the school today, then.
You know, school
spirit day or whatever.
Bronk dragged
mom, I think.
'hey Kari...'
'case you can't tell,
I'm kinda busy here.'
aw, man.
What's wrong?
Sorry, I gotta
get my grandma!
Call me!
Yuma...
Kari...
Why are you looking all
serious all of a sudden, dad?
You need to keep an eye
on yuma's dueling.
Before too long, he'll be
forced to take great risks.
What kind of risks?
You'll know soon.
Why do I always have to
be the responsible one?
We need you to look out for
your little brother, Kari.
Where will you be?
This is very
important, Kari.
Yuma is going to face
a lot of challenges,
he's got quite a
road ahead of him.
We need you to always
be there for him
and to support him
along the way.
Okay, whatever.
But I want a bigger allowance.
Mr. Kay: So nice of
you to join us, yuma!
Yeah, umm Yeah.
You remember where
you sit, right?
Yeah Yeah uh, sorry...
alright, are you two ready?
Together: Yup!
In the end, you
can do it, Caswell!
You knock 'em dead, Tori.
Ok.
New school record,
here I come!
So uh, guess no one from
yuma's family could make it.
Andy and Sharon, you're up!
We're ready!
Guess not.
Yuma!
What are you guys doing here?
We're supposed to be here,
but you didn't tell us!
For real!
Did you seriously think that
we'd be okay with missing out on
your school spirit day?
You guys...
you came.
Go, yuma!
Show'em what
you can do!
Tear it up!
All right!
I'm goin' for
twenty boxes today!
What are you
smiling at, yuma?
They're watching me.
Mom and dad.
I understand.
I feel like I can
see them, as well.
High five the sky!
Go, yuma!
Do you think he
can actually do this?
Not a chance.
C'mon, yuma!
Make us proud!
Observation number #14 - The
people who know yuma love yuma.
All right!
Do it!
Heh!
I am feelin' the flow!